Revert "64-bit is required for NC26" (#9615)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/installation/system_requirements.rst

CPU Architecture and OS
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> A 64bit CPU and 64bit OS is required for Nextcloud to run well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 64-bit CPU and 64-bit OS is required for Nextcloud to run well.
```
